Game: https://retroachievements.org/game/20060

Despite what the comments on the game page might have you believe, I'm here to set the record straight: this hack is a beautiful love letter to A Link to the Past. Structured like an elaborate "Master Quest" style hack, Echoes of the Past takes everything familiar about ALTTP and changes it slightly. Dungeon items have been rearranged to challenge what you know about the game. Every dungeon room has been modified in small but creative ways. Puzzles have become more complex, and in many cases bigger, and thankfully never require glitches.

As a former ALTTP speedrunner, I found myself skipping rooms that are typically empty, only to have to go back and search more thoroughly to realize that when they said that every room was modified, they meant it. Sometimes I would solve a puzzle in one room only to realize that I needed to go back and solve it in a totally different way because it was unexpectedly connected to a puzzle in a different room. And if you think that it's only the dungeons that are different here, you'll be surprised to see the ways that they've modified the overworld to make you rethink how you traverse the world. This hack is doing so many interesting things, all without creating an inaccessible level of difficulty like some other well-known ALTTP romhacks (such as Parallel Worlds).

The set contains a variety of challenges, mostly focusing on beating each boss damageless. Many of the boss rooms have been modified to add additional challenges, so players mind find that aspect a bit frustrating, but overall, the set offers you light guardrails to give you a guided tour of this awesome romhack. If you're looking for a familiar game with a twist, take a look at this set. The puzzle aficionados among you will be eating good!