Game: https://retroachievements.org/game/27056

This game is a masterpiece, and the set gives you everything you would want. I've always said that the best RetroAchievements sets are the ones that celebrate an interesting game by giving you a guided tour through all the content that a real fan would want to see. It's like you're sitting down to play a game with a friend who recommended it to you, while they point out all of the cool stuff you shouldn't miss.

Wonder Trek's set is exactly that!

First, what is Wonder Trek? Wonder Trek is an obscure Japanese-only action-adventure game where you play the role of a zoologist Nick, wielding a giant, comical ultrasonic hammer, and partnered up with your elderly do-nothing boss, Professor Favreau. He is AI controlled, and while he is occasionally needed to solve a puzzle or two, he mostly (thankfully) stays out of your way (figuratively, not literally; he loves to jump in front of your hammer all the time). The timing is perfect to play this as it just recently got a translation patch, making it finally possible to experience this game in English.

Wonder Trek is dripping with charming writing, quirky art design, and a compelling story with interesting characters and a few twists and turns. You owe it to yourself to play this game, and I don't say those words lightly. The set is worthy of praise as well; light on challenges (a big win for the challenge haters), but it highlights all of the best parts of the 100% playthrough, the best ending, and some guidance toward easily-missable dialogue that is worth seeking out. If you haven't left yet to go play Wonder Trek, I don't know what else I can say.